# Joystick-Controlled Labyrinth Game
This GitHub contains all relevant files used during development of our Joystick-Controlled Labyrinth Game project for ECE 1000.
## Project Summary
The game Labyrinth consisting of a wooden box and a ball the box has two wooden knobs the control the foward/backward and side to side roation with the goal of balacing the small steel ball across the top line thorugh a maze to the finish point without falling in the many small holes on top or you'll have to restart. This project takes the analog wooden knob controls of this classic game and allows you to play with a controller joystick by attaching two servo motors onto the woodem knobs on the side of the box. This project was all about taking the analgog physical controls and seamlessly replacing them with a digital controller all while preserving the original gameplay. The game is largely the same save for the microcontroller, a raspberry pie pico, and the two attached servo motors. An advantage of both the new way of controll and the simplicity of the game allow it to be controlled by anyone, especially by a diabled person or amputee. Instead of having to use two able cordinated hands you could control this game with a single figner, elbow, or chin. The quicker response time gives the game a much faster more engaging presence that holds your attention much more than the original.
## Project Capabilities
Though this version has its kinks that need to be ironed out. As of now the two servos motors do not operate on seperate axis and instead work in tadem mirroring each other. This greatley limits its playablilty. Since the two servos always do the same movemnt it results in a more back and worth motion in one direction leading any real precise movemnt to be virtually impossible. Furthermore since the servos have such a limited range of allowed motion all of its usuable degrees of roation are controlled by a very small movement of the joystick making it extremely sensitive furthering the diffuclty of controlling the already limited movemnt.
## Who Are We? My ECE 1000 Final project Group
* Jude Lee - Electrical Engineering Major, no concentration - Contributed tools and majorly assisted with the device's construction, design, implementation, as well as contributions to the technical side
* Eli DeSha - Computer Engineering Major, no concentration - Assisted with the construction of the device, but mostly worked on the technical side, with some assistance from Jude
